h1. Capsize

Capsize provides Capistrano tasks to manage Amazon EC2.

This project is in no way endorsed, sponsored by, or associated with Amazon, Amazon.com, or Amazon Web Services.

h2. Installation

* @gem install jnewland-capsize -s http://gems.github.com@
* Edit your your @config/deploy.rb@:

<pre>
<code>
# #################################################################
# CAPSIZE EC2 GEM
# #################################################################

# Include the Capsize EC2 'cap' tasks
# WARNING : This must be placed in your deploy.rb file anywhere
# AFTER the line where you set your application name!  Looks like:
#   set :application, "foobar".
# The application name is used by Capsize and the order matters.
require 'capsize'

# Use this to overwrite the standard capsize config dir locations
#set :capsize_config_dir, 'config/capsize'
#set :capsize_secure_config_dir, 'config/capsize'

# Use these to overwrite the actual config file names stored in the config dirs.
#set :capsize_config_file_name, 'capsize.yml'
#set :capsize_secure_config_file_name, 'secure.yml'
</code>
</pre>

* Run @cap ec2:setup@
* Read the task's output for example usage.

h2. Tasks

Run cap -e <taskname> on any task to get more details

* cap ec2:console:output
* cap ec2:addresses:allocate
* cap ec2:addresses:associate
* cap ec2:addresses:disassociate
* cap ec2:addresses:release
* cap ec2:addresses:show
* cap ec2:images:show
* cap ec2:instances:reboot
* cap ec2:instances:run
* cap ec2:instances:show
* cap ec2:instances:ssh
* cap ec2:instances:terminate
* cap ec2:keypairs:create
* cap ec2:keypairs:delete
* cap ec2:keypairs:show
* cap ec2:security_groups:authorize_ingress
* cap ec2:security_groups:create
* cap ec2:security_groups:create_with_standard_ports
* cap ec2:security_groups:delete
* cap ec2:security_groups:revoke_ingress
* cap ec2:security_groups:show
* cap ec2:setup
* cap ec2:setup:check

h4. Notes:

* <em>All tasks optionally take environment variables in lieu of capistrano configuration variables.</em>

h4. Contributing

Source is on "GitHub":http://github.com/jnewland/capsize. You know what to do.

h4. Authors

* "Jesse Newland":http://jnewland.com/
* "Glenn Rempe":http://blog.rempe.us/

h4. Copyright

(c) 2007-2008 Jesse Newland, Glenn Rempe

Distributes under the same terms as Ruby
